hello how about that right in you guys
might not know this but I consider
myself a one-man Wolf Pack when Doug
introduced me to you guys I thought wait
a second could it be I just added two
more guys to my wolf pack god you're so
mean don't you remember anything
no money because he's four of us wolves
looking for strippers and cocaine no
more bumps chow I want to change I
married a how dare you she's a
nice lady
Jignesh dude I can't even tell you what
we've been through
it's funny in any language because we
made a pact more important than blood
hey look he's jacking his little weenus
I must resign from the Wolf Pack
[Music]
[Applause]
I'll always remember the last words he
said to me I'm proud of you Alan
never change well I heard you loud and
clear daddy
I will never change never ever got the
right guys hey shut the up
with the why is black Doug kidnapping us
I said don't call me that just uh
okay it ain't now is fall Thank You
black Doug Oh
so be doing down here you know
doing blow oh I got in the cockfighting
oh that sounds wonderful
[Applause]
what the is wrong with those
chickens angry all I feed them is
cocaine and chicken I told myself I
would never come back
[Applause]
should've thought this through
I can't feel my nuts with your right
thumb and make sure they okay he will
introduce the virus into my life mister
lastly ciao God what does he do he
me in the ass oh he does that
from time to time
not literally
[Music]